# Game-App-Reviews-Analysis
The playability of a game depends on the players' experience in terms of functionality, usability, and satisfaction. Mobile gaming has recently evolved because of the availability of suitable hardware, configurable mobile devices, and the ability to download games from the Android and iOS platforms. 
Most online gaming stores allow customers to submit their reviews about gameplay, issues, and functionalities publicly. Game developers can better grasp such consumer issues by examining player feedback and increasing how well-liked a game is among players. 
We presented an approach for analyzing the playability of gaming apps. We considered 15 mobile game apps and evaluated their playability by looking at game-related user app reviews posted by game users on Google Play Stores. In this process, we first identify the human value violations in the user reviews and then subsequently map the so-obtained human value violations with the game playability values. The mapping of violations helps the developers understand the game's playability violations from the user's perspective. Finally, we introduced an automated approach to classify game app reviews based on identifying playability violations from the perspective of end-users. In developing our automated system, we evaluated eleven different and famous classification algorithms using a manually annotated and validated dataset of game app reviews. The results revealed violations in the user reviews; out of 20,346 user/player reviews, 6,230 reviews have human value violations that affect the game's playability. We also discovered that only a few of the reviews (from the ones that were violated) received developer responses that addressed the related concerns and resolved the related violations. The presented analysis also identifies the functionalities, issues, or concerns that affect the game's playability.
Also, our evaluation results demonstrated that our top-performing algorithms consistently achieved an overall accuracy exceeding 0.75. Furthermore, our findings highlight how a specific classification algorithm performs best in a particular playability category with and without cross-validation techniques. 
These analysis results encourage and help app developers to learn about the types of violations and consider such violations while developing mobile game apps.
